Keep current location when changing scope on publisher and user permissions page (#2597)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/nine-phones-think.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": patch
---

> Add redirect to the current page (important when changing the scope)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep current location when changing scope on publisher and user permissions page
```
